com.xiaobawang.colordict.api.TranslationUtil -> com.xiaobawang.a.a.a:
    void translate(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,boolean,int,int,int) -> a
com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.UserInfo -> com.xiaobawang.b.a.a.a:
    java.lang.String[] THREE_GRADES -> a
    java.lang.String[] FOUR_GRADES -> b
    java.lang.String[] FIVE_GRADES -> c
    java.lang.String[] SIX_GRADES -> d
    long _id -> e
    java.lang.String username -> f
    java.lang.String password -> g
    java.lang.String name -> h
    java.lang.String school -> i
    java.lang.String platform -> j
    java.lang.String schooling -> k
    java.lang.String grade -> l
    java.lang.String courseversion -> m
    java.lang.String avatarpath -> n
    java.lang.String gender -> o
    java.lang.String birthday -> p
    java.lang.String hometown -> q
    java.lang.String qq -> r
    java.lang.String signature -> s
    java.lang.String email -> t
    java.lang.String hobby -> u
    long level -> v
    int getGrade() -> a
com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.UserInfoHelper -> com.xiaobawang.b.a.a.b:
    android.app.Activity mActivity -> a
    android.content.ContentResolver mContentResolver -> b
    com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.UserInfo getCurrentUserInfo() -> a
    long getCurrentUserId() -> b
    com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.UserInfo query(long) -> a
com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.Users -> com.xiaobawang.b.a.a.c:
com.xiaobawang.qita.geren.api.Users$User -> com.xiaobawang.b.a.a.d:
    android.net.Uri CONTENT_URI -> a
com.xiaobawang.util.api.AppUtil -> com.xiaobawang.c.a.a:
    android.content.Intent getOpenAppIntent(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String) -> a
com.xiaobawang.util.api.DownloadMoreUtil -> com.xiaobawang.c.a.b:
    void open(android.app.Activity,int) -> a
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.BriefIntroductionActivity -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.BriefIntroductionActivity:
    android.webkit.WebView mWebView -> a
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.BriefIntroductionActivity$1 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.a:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.BriefIntroductionActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity:
    java.util.List mTextCorrect -> c
    java.util.List mTextDestination -> d
    java.util.List mTextSource -> e
    android.widget.Spinner mGradeSpinner -> f
    android.widget.Spinner mBookSpinner -> g
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView mTextViewSource -> h
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView mTextViewDestination -> i
    android.widget.ListView mListView -> j
    android.widget.Button mDownloadButton -> k
    android.widget.TextView mTextView_problem -> l
    android.widget.TextView mTextView_score -> m
    android.widget.Button mSubmit -> n
    android.widget.Button mTranslate -> o
    android.widget.Button mAssist -> p
    android.widget.Button mLeft_arrow -> q
    android.widget.Button mRight_arrow -> r
    android.widget.Button mhelpButton -> s
    java.util.List mGradeNames -> t
    android.widget.ArrayAdapter mListViewAdapter -> u
    android.widget.ArrayAdapter mBookAdapter -> a
    android.widget.ArrayAdapter mGradeAdapter -> b
    int mCurrentProblem -> v
    int mCurrentUnit -> w
    int mScore -> x
    boolean[] mHaveScored -> y
    android.content.BroadcastReceiver mBroadcastReceiver -> z
    android.os.Handler MyHandler -> A
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    void init() -> a
    void startApp() -> b
    void findView() -> c
    void setUiSettings() -> d
    void setListener() -> e
    void moveWord(java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.util.List) -> a
    void updateMyTextView() -> f
    void add(java.lang.String,java.util.List) -> a
    void delete(java.lang.String,java.util.List) -> b
    void splitSentence(java.lang.String,java.util.List) -> c
    void checkCorrect() -> g
    void setUnitAndSentence(int,int) -> a
    void setScore(int) -> a
    void setClickable(int) -> b
    void addScore(boolean) -> a
    void onDestroy() -> onDestroy
    void registerBoradcastReceiver() -> h
    void initGradeName() -> i
    void upDateUnitName(int,java.lang.String) -> a
    void upDateBookName(int) -> c
    void catchFileError(java.lang.Exception) -> a
    void readSentence(int) -> d
    void setSentence(int) -> e
    void showDialog(java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
    void assist() -> j
    boolean isRightNow() -> k
    java.util.List access$0(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> a
    java.util.List access$1(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> b
    void access$2(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.util.List) -> a
    void access$3(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,int) -> a
    void access$4(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,int) -> b
    void access$5(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,int,int) -> a
    void access$6(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,int,java.lang.String) -> a
    java.util.List access$7(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> c
    void access$8(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> d
    void access$9(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,int) -> c
    void access$10(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> e
    int access$11(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> f
    void access$12(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
    void access$13(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> g
    int access$14(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> h
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView access$15(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> i
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView access$16(com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity) -> j
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$1 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.b:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent) -> onReceive
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$10 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.c:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$11 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.d:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$12 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.e:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$13 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.f:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$14 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.g:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$2 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.h:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$3 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.i:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long) -> onItemSelected
    void onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView) -> onNothingSelected
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$4 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.j:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$5 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.k:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long) -> onItemSelected
    void onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView) -> onNothingSelected
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$6 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.l:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long) -> onItemClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$7 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.m:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$8 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.n:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity$9 -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.o:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.FileNameFileFilter -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.a.a:
    java.lang.String fileName -> a
    boolean accept(java.io.File) -> accept
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.GlobalValue -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.a.b:
    android.widget.Toast toastOnlyOne -> a
    int currentGrade -> b
    java.lang.String currentBook -> c
    int GradeNumbers -> d
    java.util.List unitNames -> e
    java.util.List BookNames -> f
    java.util.List sentences_english -> g
    java.util.List sentences_chinese -> h
    java.lang.String rootPathString -> i
    java.lang.String[] EXternal_DownloadPaths -> j
    java.lang.String[] Internal_DownloadPaths -> k
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.Operate -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.a.c:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.Operate instance -> a
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.Operate getInstance() -> a
    void cancelToast() -> b
    void showToast(java.lang.String,android.content.Context) -> a
    void setGrade(android.app.Activity) -> a
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.assist.Tool -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.a.d:
    boolean $assertionsDisabled -> a
    int byteToint(byte[]) -> a
    int[] byteArrayToint(byte[]) -> b
    java.lang.String removeSuffix(java.lang.String) -> a
    java.lang.String removeBlankSpace(java.lang.String) -> b
    int[] getRandomIndex(int) -> a
    boolean equalSequence(int[]) -> a
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.FileOperate -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.b.a:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.FileOperate instance -> a
    java.io.File[] mDownloadDirectorys -> b
    void init() -> c
    void makeDir(java.io.File) -> a
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.FileOperate getInstance() -> a
    boolean isExternalStorageWritable() -> b
    void testStorage() -> d
    void getUnitName(java.util.List,int,java.lang.String) -> a
    java.io.File getBookFile(int,java.lang.String) -> a
    void readUnitName(java.util.List,java.io.File) -> a
    void getBookName(java.util.List,int) -> a
    void getSentence(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.lang.String,int,int) -> a
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.Init -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.b.b:
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.Init instance -> a
    com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.control.Init getInstance() -> a
    void init() -> b
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.settings.ConstValues -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.c.a:
    java.lang.String MyTextViewBoradcast_Action_source -> a
    java.lang.String MyTextViewBoradcast_Action_destination -> b
    java.lang.String Msg_key -> c
    android.widget.Toast toastOnlyOne -> d
    java.lang.String filePostfixString -> e
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.AlwaysMarqueeTextView -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.AlwaysMarqueeTextView:
    boolean isFocused() -> isFocused
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.CloudDialog -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.a:
    java.lang.String mText -> a
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView -> com.xiaobawang.xiaoxue.yingyu.jimuzaoju.widget.MyTextView:
    long lastDownTime -> a
    long lastUpTime -> b
    android.view.MotionEvent lastEvent -> c
    java.lang.String INTERVAL_STRING -> d
    android.content.Context context -> e
    boolean setSelect -> f
    java.lang.String mBroadcastAction -> g
    void init() -> a
    boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent) -> onTouchEvent
    void dealClick(android.view.MotionEvent) -> a
    java.lang.String splitText(java.lang.String) -> a
    java.lang.String getSelect(int) -> a
    int findStartPoint(int) -> b
    int findEndPoint(int) -> c
    void setText(java.util.List) -> setText
    void sendBroadcastToMain(java.lang.String) -> b
    void setBoradcastActionName(java.lang.String) -> setBoradcastActionName
    boolean outOfIndex(int,int) -> a
